hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I
finally get to actually make a video
that I've been meaning to make for
several weeks now it's a video that was
requested by one of you Rosie friends
Rachel's new name this is brown dilemma
you requested and it's the one that is
for using Greek yogurt as a face mask
and the reason that I've waited to
actually do this is that this is a mess
that I don't just use on a regular basis
just for you know to make my skin nice
or something like that this is a mask
that I use when my skin is actually red
and feeling uncomfortable it's something
that cools it down it's something that I
find very soothing so I've been waiting
for a moment like that where I could not
only had kind of irritated skin but that
I could also have a moment to sit in
front of the camera so I thought now's
the time because it's Saturday because I
always fill my videos the day before and
Saturdays I clean my house because I
have a very exciting life and I have a
lot of allergies to dust and pollen and
some cleaning products and when I clean
for example the bathroom there are a lot
of cleaning products that I haven't
found all natural ones that do the same
job actually that's the only part of the
house that I can't go all-natural
at least I haven't figured out how to do
it yet and my face always flares up and
I always even though I take a shower
immediately after I do that it just it
gets all irritated and things like that
so I thought now's the time it's looking
bad oh well I will do a Greek yogurt
mask and show you what that does for my
skin so start I will show you that my
skin is actually quite red and irritated
actually it looks as good as it does
make it green it actually doesn't look
nearly as bad as it doesn't realize I
can see myself in a mirror here and it
looks beet beet red but when I look in
the little screen online actually looks
not too bad so I'll have to check it out
on my computer to see what it look like
there but it is you'll just have to
share with me that it's really really
red all especially kind of in this area
of the peak and then up
here and then again this sort of mask
area I think that's called the butterfly
pattern I know that people some people
with lupus get that pattern as well so
you know it sounds pretty but it doesn't
feel pretty but yeah so I'm going to
take this opportunity to apply the Greek
yogurt which is something that I felt
was horrifying at first because the idea
of putting dairy on my face sounds super
disgusting but it actually feels great
so I'll just get this going and as a
side note I actually have a slight
lactose intolerance but um this doesn't
bother anything at all because you don't
have to digest it so it's all good I'm
just using my same little set that I
always if you've watched previous DIY
mask videos of mine then you'll see that
I always use the same blend kit that was
in the rosy light kit that I sold last
year the entire idea is to take Greek
yogurt plain Greek yogurt I know some
people prefer organic I don't know the
difference in terms of applying it to
your skin there could be a difference
it's just not something that I know or
that I have observed I just get a the
brand that sells the big gigantic bag
yeah so I do is get this it's just
basically plain yogurt it's pretty thick
and you just put a super thick layer on
you leave it on for about five minutes
and that's it anything beyond five
minutes I find it starts to dry up and
then it feels gross it smells gross and
it's harder to get off so I don't want
it to actually dry on my skin or dry my
skin I just want to use it for the time
that it takes to cool everything down
this is still chilled I just took it
right out of the fridge and I will apply
it now I'll apply this to my entire face
I just apply this to anywhere where I
feel like there's redness or irritation
or anything like that and I can already
feel how cooling this is this is
amazingly cooling
[Music]
so I'm feeling pretty now it's just a
matter of waiting a few minutes I first
learned about this in a rosacea forum
that I follow there are a few people
there who do the exact same thing so
I've kind of fine-tuned it based on that
I used to use Baltic style yogurt
instead of Greek yogurt because I just I
really like the the texture of that but
I found the Baltic style yogurt
separates a lot more quickly it gets
that like the liquid and it the whatever
that watery stuff is called way I'm not
sure but um it does that a lot faster
this actually seems to hold its
consistency because it's so thick so
that makes it really good for this kind
of thing so yeah I'm not I can't tell
you exactly why this works I just know
that it's used quite commonly this is
not original for me this was not my idea
and it doesn't work really really nicely
on my skin as long as you don't have
some sort of allergy to it or something
like that it would probably be fun to
try if you do have burning skin and
you're not really sure what to do about
it
and speaking of burning skin I do have
it's only been about a minute and a half
since I applied this and it's got to be
five minutes I thought I would do
instead of just speeding through the
video a little bit of a story time from
something that I learned last week but I
thought would be quite interesting to
other people who are affected by Sun
because I know that the top trigger for
rosacea is sun sun exposure so I thought
that it would be interesting to know
this something that I discovered last
last week the week before last week
actually gush time is going by really
quickly but yeah I was in I was about an
hour away from home and I was at my
mother's retirement party and on my way
home like I was I was really nicely
dressed and I had makeup on in the whole
shebang and on my way home I got a flat
tire and I pulled over the side of the
road and so I called roadside assistance
and the guy came and he put my doughnut
on my car but I still had
50 or 60 kilometers to go at that point
I'll put what that is in miles somewhere
on the screen for my American friends
but um yep I still had quite a distance
to go and you can't go more than 50 to
60 kilometers an hour on that I will put
that on the screen as well on the
doughnut because you can below the
doughnut if you drive too fast on it
fortunately I was not on a major highway
or anything like that I was kind of
taking the back road home because I
thought it would be really nice to drive
through to some pretty countryside and
relax after such a big social event and
I was there with my best friend and
co-author and we were driving and blam
there we got stuck so then when the tire
was there the one the donut was back on
the car it took us a very very very long
time to get home again and in that time
the Sun was just absolutely beating down
and it was about a million degrees out
that day and I got a sunburn just in a
very small section of my arm just a
section of my arm from where my sleeve
was up to where my bracelets are and
I've been sunburned a lot of times
before I wear sunscreen all the time but
after a certain point you sweat and it
was really super hot and it had been
quite a long time since I'd applied it
because I applied it before the party
and so as much as I take a lot of care
to protect myself from the Sun I still
ended up getting sunburned just on that
one patch from holding the steering
wheel and being in the Sun for way
longer than I was expecting to now that
alone was something that bothered me but
over the while I once I was home and
everything over the hours that followed
and into the next day for about 24 hours
I started developing really
uncomfortable symptoms they were like
flu symptoms I had a headache I felt
sick I was so tired I could just barely
stay awake even after sleeping through
the night I could barely stay awake the
next day it was a real sight it felt
like I had caught a flu and as it turns
out what I had was something called Sun
poisoning and that's a real thing and it
doesn't necessarily mean that you have a
Sun allergy but it can mean that you are
developing a Sun allergy at the time
and after you get it you need to be very
very careful especially when exposing
that exact same area of skin because it
will be super sensitized to the Sun and
apparently with enough Sun and that can
be anything from 10 minutes and up if
you have very Sun sensitive skin you can
start getting those symptoms regardless
of whether or not you burn so because I
know my rosy friends a lot of you are as
sensitive to the Sun as I am and that it
is a trigger for your skin I just
thought I would warn you that this is
something that can happen it come on
anytime even if you've never had it
before in your life so just if you're
not protecting yourself from the Sun and
extreme circumstances when you're you
know going to be out for quite a while
not just enough to get some vitamin D
but for quite some time it's a really
good idea to make sure that you can
protect yourself whether you just keep
some sort of a little shawl or scarf or
something like that in the car so if
you're driving you can just put that
over your arms so that it's not getting
exposed to it or whether you are just
ready to slap on the sunscreen every so
often as much as you need it so I just
thought I would do that little public
service announcement based on my own
experience and to talk about Sun
poisoning it's worth looking up on a
couple of different really reputable
sites like Mayo Clinic or WebMD or one
of those just to check out what it is
because I don't recommend getting it it
was not fun for me I know that for me I
was actually lucky it only lasted 24
hours for some people I kept in lasts
for several days and it's like having
the flu and all you did was sit in the
Sun too long so yeah so a little bit of
interesting thing while we're waiting
for my skin to cool down from its mask
but yeah so it looks like we've had
enough time now so I'm just going to run
and get a microfiber cloth so that I can
wipe this off and I will be right back
okay coming back and I have my glasses
back on so I feel like I can see you
again and my face is a little irritated
from having you know had the mask wiped
off and then I just applied my um my
moisturizer as well but it is much
cooler it is a lot more comfortable and
I'm feeling a lot better about life in
general that would be all that you need
to do for a freak yogurt mask
put on a really thick layer wait around
five minutes and then be super gentle
washing it off wash it off is cool but
not cold water and then just follow up
light with your cleanser and then follow
up with a moisturizer just like you
normally do and you're set so yeah
that's how I do it and I really enjoy it
and it's especially good in the
summertime for me because that's what
I'm most likely to get kind of the
burning cheeks for reasons other than
just severe dryness yeah so I hope you
like this video I hope it was
interesting to you I hope it helped you
out if you did please give it a thumbs
up and that way I will know and if you
want to see more videos like this one I
hope you subscribe to my channel I make
new videos every Sunday and most
Thursdays and a good night I will see
you next time
[Music]